## 0.11.3

- Added `set_min_dimensions` and `set_max_dimensions` methods to `Window`, and implemented on Windows, X11, Wayland, and OSX.
- On X11, dropping a `Window` actually closes it now, and clicking the window's × button (or otherwise having the WM signal to close it) will result in the window closing.
- Added `WindowBuilderExt` methods for macos: `with_titlebar_transparent`,
  `with_title_hidden`, `with_titlebar_buttons_hidden`,
  `with_fullsize_content_view`.
- Mapped X11 numpad keycodes (arrows, Home, End, PageUp, PageDown, Insert and Delete) to corresponding virtual keycodes

## 0.11.2

- Impl `Hash`, `PartialEq`, and `Eq` for `events::ModifiersState`.
- Implement `MonitorId::get_hidpi_factor` for MacOS.
- Added method `os::macos::MonitorIdExt::get_nsscreen() -> *mut c_void` that gets a `NSScreen` object matching the monitor ID.
- Send `Awakened` event on Android when event loop is woken up.

## 0.11.1

- Fixed windows not receiving mouse events when click-dragging the mouse outside the client area of a window, on Windows platforms.
- Added method `os::android::EventsLoopExt:set_suspend_callback(Option<Box<Fn(bool) -> ()>>)` that allows glutin to register a callback when a suspend event happens

## 0.11.0

- Implement `MonitorId::get_dimensions` for Android.
- Added method `os::macos::WindowBuilderExt::with_movable_by_window_background(bool)` that allows to move a window without a titlebar - `with_decorations(false)`
- Implement `Window::set_fullscreen`, `Window::set_maximized` and `Window::set_decorations` for Wayland.
- Added `Caret` as VirtualKeyCode and support OSX ^-Key with german input.
